remove port prefix requirement (#2590)
cosmos/ibc-go: CHANGELOG.md

### State Machine Breaking

> * [\#2580](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/issues/2580) remove port prefix requirement from the ICA host channel handshake

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
* (27-interchain-accounts) [\#2580](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/issues/2580) Removing port prefix requirement from the ICA host channel handshake
```
